---
layout: post
title: Trello
description: An introduction to my favourite app
summary: If you don't use it, who even are you.
tags: [coding, jekyll]
---

Have you heard of it?

Chances are if your employment existence resides primarily online, you have. If you haven't, you're probably asking: What is Trello?

The best way to describe Trello is by using their own words:

>Trello is the easy, free, flexible, and visual way to manage your projects and organize anything, trusted by millions of people from all over the world. - https://trello.com/about

The base pieces of the app are boards, lists, and cards. On your board, you have lists, and within each list you have cards. These boards could serve an innumerable amount of purposes.

There are also multiple options for how you use Trello. You can have both personal boards and team boards, you can add functionality with a pay-option for Trello Gold, or you can upgrade your teams to Business Class (or if you're some kind of power-user or require more options for your team, you could opt for Enterprise.)

When using the free version of Trello, you're limited to 10 boards per team/person, 1 power-up (a fancy built-in integration) per board, and 50 command-runs per month of the built-in Butler feature (a BRILLIANT feature, I must add). Don't let this discourage you, though, there is still so much you can do outside of the pay wall.

Another great aspect? It syncs across devices! You can access Trello in your favourite browser, download it on iOS and Android devices, or download the app on your PC or Mac.

Trello has been a (generally) consistent product in my life for at least 5 years now, whether I was utilizing it to the max, or just using it to store data.

Currently you can find me using it for the following processes:
- my weekly work schedule - the built-in Butler function helps automate the card and list creation process so that keeping up and keeping tabs on all my to-dos is efficient
- login data for all the corporate accounts - just logins, no passwords, that's what a password manager is for
- developing an in-house skill test for staff to take in order to qualify for higher positions - each list is a separate section of the test with each card title being the question, and the description being the answer
- following up with a third-party developer as they design a website that is beyond my abilities to create
- keeping track of software I've field-tested for various purposes and outlines of my thoughts on said software
- boards to keep track of personal and professional 'wins,' mistakes by staff (so we can remember that it COULD be worse), and inside jokes for myself and my Girl Friday (my right hand lady)
- homeschool process tracking
- on-boarding processes
- contact information across multiple locations
- sales contacts
- books I have read, am currently reading, or plan to read

As you can see, Trello is highly versatile. In the past, I've also used it to track customer appointments, manage outbound orders, art ideas, menu planning, grocery lists, weight loss tracking, and inspiration.

If you find yourself struggling to stay organized and on-task - look into Trello. It is such an easy way to manage most everything in your life.

[This is Day 2 v. 2.0 (or Day 3) of #100DaysToOffload.]

[P.P.S.S.S.S. This post is not sponsored in any way, shape, or form.]
